Chore/docs/make single landing page (#637)
oamg/leapp: docs/source/definition-of-done.md

> # Definiton of done

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Definition of done for internal Jira Issues
```

This definition of done is so old, internal and not used at all. I would rather remove it completely from the upstream project documentation and mention it for example in https://docs.google.com/document/d/1T_HQ1HoyjLlHcdNGlKp_D17Qs3s5strR0Y_y2mg8rBs/.

Do @GAZDOWN, @pirat89, @drehak and @ZhukovGreen agree?

Author: I agree. This doesn't make sense to me. Our interanl stuff should remains internal.

Author: ping  @GAZDOWN, @pirat89, @drehak :) I am about to remove it. Do you agree?

>  * [ ] The acceptance criteria described in the Task is met

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * [ ] The acceptance criteria described in the Jira Issue are met
```
1 criterion, 2+ criteria

Author: waiting for a decision regarding existency of definition of done

 * [ ] The code is approved and merged into the repository(ies)
 * [ ] The documentation is updated

>    * Official landing page: [](https://leapp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
The contribution guidelines is not a landing page for Leapp as project.

Author: waiting for a decision regarding existency of definition of done

>    * Developers documentation: https://leapp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Upstream documentation: https://leapp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
```

Author: waiting for a decision regarding existency of definition of done

   * Presentation for external contributors: https://goo.gl/Foh2tk

>  * [ ] Dev. Images are updated if necessary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * [ ] Development vagrant box is updated if necessary
```

Author: waiting for a decision regarding existency of definition of done

 * [ ] Unit tests that cover the new code are written and passing
 * [ ] Integration tests are passing

>  * [ ] The ticket contains link(s) with the results of the Task (e.g., PR, document, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * [ ] The Jira Issue contains link(s) to the results (e.g., PR, document, etc.).
```

Author: waiting for a decision regarding existency of definition of done
